In this module, we used workbox to enhance our application, this time from a developer perspective.
It doesn't add any new feature which would require different levels of browsers support but it helps
us as a developer to really leverage the power a service worker can offer us.
It makes it easy for us to parse different incoming requests and apply different strategies or as you
learned, our own handler.
You also saw that together with minification, we could really build a powerful and fast web application
and the audit confirmed it, 100 points in progressive web app, that's just amazing
and with that you see that what we built in this course really is powerful and that you learned a
lot of very useful features here.
Now the features taught in this module specifically are something you might want to consider in your
next project too
and even though we use the workbox-cli, I mentioned how you could integrate it into Gulp or webpack
workflows,
the configuration and usage is always the same.
So with that, let's move on
in this course.